README.markdown, before:

# Lee Hambley's Railsless Deploy

If you want to get the most out of Capistrano and you do not want to have to deal with the *railsisms* that ship by default, this is the gem for you.

## Installation

    # gem sources -a http://gems.github.com/
    # gem install leehambley-railsless-deploy

## Usage

Open your application's `Capfile` and make it look like this, the last three lines are the magic. also you can safely remove line two if you won't be loading additional plugin files. (this is a railsism):

    load 'deploy' if respond_to?(:namespace) # cap2 differentiator
    # Dir['vendor/plugins/*/recipes/*.rb'].each { |plugin| load(plugin) }

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'railsless-deploy'
    load    'config/deploy'

You should then be able to proceed as you would usually, you may want to familiarise yourself with the truncated list of tasks, you can get a full list with:

    $ cap -T

## What's in the box?

If you want to try before you buy, here's the list of tasks included with this version of the deploy recipe:

    cap deploy               # Deploys your project.
    cap deploy:check         # Test deployment dependencies.
    cap deploy:cleanup       # Clean up old releases.
    cap deploy:cold          # Deploys and starts a `cold' application.
    cap deploy:pending       # Displays the commits since your last deploy.
    cap deploy:pending:diff  # Displays the `diff' since your last deploy.
    cap deploy:rollback      # Rolls back to a previous version and restarts.
    cap deploy:rollback:code # Rolls back to the previously deployed version.
    cap deploy:setup         # Prepares one or more servers for deployment.
    cap deploy:symlink       # Updates the symlink to the most recently deployed ...
    cap deploy:update        # Copies your project and updates the symlink.
    cap deploy:update_code   # Copies your project to the remote servers.
    cap deploy:upload        # Copy files to the currently deployed version.
    cap invoke               # Invoke a single command on the remote servers.
    cap shell                # Begin an interactive Capistrano session.


## Bugs & Feedback

Via my Github profile please:

    http://github.com/leehambley

Commit message:

Moving to gemcutter, adding a License and the big 1.0.0 release no problems reported yet

README.markdown, after:

# Lee Hambley's Railsless Deploy

If you want to get the most out of Capistrano and you do not want to have to deal with the *railsisms* that ship by default, this is the gem for you.

## Installation

    # gem install railsless-deploy -s http://gemcutter.org

If you are reading this document and wondering why we moved, we were subject to the problems when GitHub stopped building gems, thus we moved to [gemcutter](http://gemcutter.org/), [read more here](http://github.com/blog/515-gem-building-is-defunct).

## Usage

Open your application's `Capfile` and make it look like this, the last three lines are the magic. also you can safely remove line two if you won't be loading additional plugin files. (this is a railsism):

    load 'deploy' if respond_to?(:namespace) # cap2 differentiator
    # Dir['vendor/plugins/*/recipes/*.rb'].each { |plugin| load(plugin) }

    require 'rubygems'
    require 'railsless-deploy'
    load    'config/deploy'

You should then be able to proceed as you would usually, you may want to familiarise yourself with the truncated list of tasks, you can get a full list with:

    $ cap -T

## What's in the box?

If you want to try before you buy, here's the list of tasks included with this version of the deploy recipe:

    cap deploy               # Deploys your project.
    cap deploy:check         # Test deployment dependencies.
    cap deploy:cleanup       # Clean up old releases.
    cap deploy:cold          # Deploys and starts a `cold' application.
    cap deploy:pending       # Displays the commits since your last deploy.
    cap deploy:pending:diff  # Displays the `diff' since your last deploy.
    cap deploy:rollback      # Rolls back to a previous version and restarts.
    cap deploy:rollback:code # Rolls back to the previously deployed version.
    cap deploy:setup         # Prepares one or more servers for deployment.
    cap deploy:symlink       # Updates the symlink to the most recently deployed ...
    cap deploy:update        # Copies your project and updates the symlink.
    cap deploy:update_code   # Copies your project to the remote servers.
    cap deploy:upload        # Copy files to the currently deployed version.
    cap invoke               # Invoke a single command on the remote servers.
    cap shell                # Begin an interactive Capistrano session.


## Bugs & Feedback

Via my Github profile please:

    http://github.com/leehambley
